Making rice to the era of effective value
Farmers who want to challenge organic farming without pesticides
Escape to a farmer who performs 4 by hand nails or manual work
Breakthrough never seen before-girl early detection and new appearance
Rinse cutter Eigamon
Hmm
How to use is very easy
Just attach to your existing Tomisaka force ok
Because with a cover to worry about damaging the tab unnecessary
In addition, we advance to slide as we have rotor
Hmm
Because we can work so as to vacuum, it is a playground
A sweat tree that is resistant to herbicides is also suitable for crossdressing
Furthermore, you can reduce the number of times of herbicide application by using Eigamon together.
Cover is made of hard to crack even stepped on material
Two types of dedicated horses
Elba is for flooded paddy fields
I cut the surface of my father by becoming l type
There is a sales promotion effect
The workplace is high-rise rice fields and
We play an active part in a place with many names
A must-see for farmers of organic pesticide farming
Rinse cutter Eigamon
What kind of surrounding mower can you wear?
It can be installed not only domestic manufacturers overseas manufacturers
Do you not damage thunder when used for upper class woman dress of water source
It does not damage not by the shape of the special sphere
We also use materials that are resistant to cracking
If weeding work between 15 and 30 days after planting rice , the spreading effect of water and soil will also cause Hanyu true weeds
It will be difficult to grow
The merit other than the weeding effect is
goo
Because it cuts the mud finely
Expected sales expansion effect
Stimulate the rice stock and make it grow
It also has an effect on some of the jumbo snails
It is a must for farmers who have trouble with super weeds because they physically cut the grass
Can you use it other than water source?
Safety mower with cover 1 can also be used in pebbly places and slope approach
In addition, if the interval between stocks is open to 30 centimeters, I will take off my sister from the corn
Child and the like
We can carry out weeds of various fenced Kazuma
Work seems to be serious
goo
Generally , mowing works with floating teeth
As this product only puts cover on the ground and pushes, weight is hard to feel
You can also work while pulling, so you can work easily
It will also prevent the heat transfer of pests after rice harvesting
Weeding machine attachment new appearance Must-see for farmers of pesticide-free organic culture
Rinse cutter Eigamon
Search together